hey guys welcome to my channel you've
recently asked me marina what do I do
when a native speaker asks me something
and then I need some time to come up
with the answer and I don't want to stay
silent during that moment I'm gonna
teach you some phrases that are really
easy
they're not even phrases like words
interactions you can use to express your
emotions and sometimes you can even
replace your answers with those
interactions so if you're interested
please continue watching this video
[Music]
by the way Black Friday sales are still
on and we have some amazing offers for
you
they are only valid this week and the
discounts are amazing so if you're
interested the links will be below this
discounts are limited in time they're
gonna stop on November 30th so don't
miss your chance to study abroad with a
huge discount we're gonna help you with
everything during the process and my
managers are gonna consult you for free
if you have any questions regarding your
trip in a rejection number one
ah-ha-ah-ha this inner each action is
used when you understand something
uh-huh I got it the discounts up this
week only so I need to hurry up to book
my trip aha instead of saying okay I see
you can just say ah okay that's it so
how can be used in different ways when
you want to express annoyance and
frustration you can say damn which is a
bad word so I do not recommend using it
instead you can say ah my car doesn't
work well an interjection that is widely
used in Great Britain and sometimes I
use it in my Instagram posts and people
will be like Marino what does this
aawwww means this is oh you say it when
you want to show sentimental approval
yeah Oh your dog is so cute oh my god
Americans use it often as well when you
are annoyed for example you received a
negative reply from an employer and they
wouldn't give you a higher salary you
can say bah I didn't expect it anyways
this bah replaces whatever ah when
somebody is doing bad on the stage you
can say boo
get out the stage this is the way on
showing contempt and disapproval when
you walk outside and it's cold you can
say this is very like Russian style but
it's a lot colder now too so try to do
this a little sound I know it's not
typical for some cultures but yeah you
walk outside same so cold today you guys
cold my favorite expression you guys all
have watched the Simpsons right yeah
yeah and I hope you watch The Simpsons
in English because Homer Simpson when he
was talking about something bad that
happened
he always said don't know where this
expression came from so initially he
wanted to say damn
but as I've already mentioned this is a
bad word so he was starting to say damn
but then he stopped and he said oh so it
was like dough string and this word is
already in the oxford dictionary the
company that produces the Simpsons has
got a patent for this word and it's
widely used all over the United States
when you want to express annoyance or
point out that's somebody stupid you can
say duh yeah so somebody saying oh my
computer's not working and you say duh
you haven't plugged it in when you are
surprised in a negative way you're gonna
scare it and you want to sound girly you
can say oh there's a Inc there's a mouse
when you want somebody to repeat what
they just said you can say what what but
be really careful with intonation cuz if
you say like what like it can be
considered impolite what I do in this
situation is I say excuse me
you repeat it once again but again I
should be really careful my intonations
another way it's more informal you can
just say okay
huh two of the expressions that you can
use when you want somebody to repeat
what they just said when something is
disgusting
see you this Apple is rotten look it
smells you when you want to express X
aspiration and despair and when
somebody's hopeless
you're like god I give up I cannot do
that
okay Maalik on like something to
remember when you're texting a native
speaker when you're texting a Canadian
American British person native speakers
do not normally use Smiley's that we use
a lot in Eastern Europe instead of
Smiley's if something is funny they
would just write haha and they will also
say that so haha means replaces a smiley
or
uses something is funny when you want to
express a mild and different surprise
you can say huh somebody says we just
got married but you're not interested
you're like huh really
whatever another interjection to express
indifference is man mm-hmm
man whatever you think is the best I
wait to say no informally is nah that do
you want another beer nah I'm good
something that comes from a French
French people comment down below if you
agree ah ah oui oui I had a guy we were
sharing a table at 500 startups and he
was French his name was Hugo and he
would always say like oh la la we just
got another investment from a VC firm
or maybe somebody bought a car which is
a fancy car and it's a high-class car it
would be uh Lala you go to new Mercedes
when you want to express relief
something was really close but it didn't
hit you like for example I didn't do my
homework and the t-shirt didn't check it
phew phew is the expression when you're
annoyed by something you can just say
Jesus but America's would always say
jeez jeez if they are in an informal
conversation jeez is your way to express
annoyance jeez on Instagram in my post I
would always say yay instead of s
because yay has this meaning when you
want to congratulate somebody yay I just
hit a 900 thousand subscriber mark
[Music]
and this I'm kind of celebrating I could
say yes but yay has more of this
celebrational kind of mood to it when
you're excited when you're doing
something in a group like somebody says
oh let's go in for tea tonight you're
like yeah let's do it yeah it's your
excitement when you want to express your
reaction to a bad surprise so you can
say
yikes yikes yikes I have to pay $5,000
in taxes this year cakes
yikes and another expression you can use
for a disgusting is yep yeah I wouldn't
eat it it smells so bad
yuck that was it from you guys for today
please comment down below with other
interactions that you might have heard
from native speakers that you might have
heard in TV shows and if you're not yet
subscribed to this channel hit the red
button subscribe if you wanted to study
abroad if this is your dream check out
our special offers down below and don't
forget that it's Black Friday so the
time is limited and if you enjoy the
content like this video and I will see
you soon in my next vlog bye